---
layout: post
title: "A Mission from God, Blues Brothers Style"
excerpt: "Yesterday, my friend Ted Demopoulos posted an article that I wrote
for his site, InfosecRockstar.com. It is called 'A Mission from God, Blues
Brothers Style'"

Here is that article:"
modified: 2019-01-12
tags: [Leadership, Security Management]
comments: false
category: blog
---

Yesterday, my friend Ted Demopoulos posted an article that I wrote for his
site, [InfosecRockstar.com](http://infosecrockstar.com/). It is called
"[A Mission from God, Blues Brothers Style](http://infosecrockstar.com/a-mission-from-god-blues-brothers-style/)."

Here is that article:

---

## A Mission from God, Blues Brothers Style: Kenneth G. Hartman

I met Kenneth G. Hartman at a security event in Madison in a few years ago and
we‚Äôve stayed in touch. I‚Äôm impressed with his creative approach to security
as well as life, and he‚Äôs definitely provided great input for this site. Ken
also jumped at the opportunity to write a guest post, and it‚Äôs fantastic! ‚Äì
Ted

## If you always do what you have always done, you will always get what you
have always gotten

Recently, I was leading the information security program for a Cloud Hosting
and Managed Service Provider.  We were under a tight deadline to achieve ISO
27001 Certification for our information security management system to meet
contractual commitments to an important customer that was looking to grow their
business with my company.  When a company implements ISO 27001 properly, the
process is a transformative experience that facilitates top-down engagement in
information security management and sets up a framework to improve the maturity
of a security program.  However, as the days ticked by, I had an increasing
realization that we needed to kick it up a quantum level.  As the old saying
goes, ‚Äúif you always do what you have always done, you will always get what
you have always gotten.‚Äù

A leadership vacuum is an indication that you need to step up and lead.
Don‚Äôt wait for permission!
At the time, I was frustrated at the lack of some basic security measures that
were not in place.  Initially, I wanted to blame someone‚Äîmy predecessor, my
boss, the bureaucracy, anyone or anything.  Then it occurred to me that if
changes were going to be made, it would have to be a result of my instigation.
As I see it, a leadership vacuum is an indication that you need to step up and
lead.  Don‚Äôt wait for permission.

As an avid reader of books on business leadership, I had recalled reading about
how Robert Townsend, the former CEO of Avis, used to carry around a resignation
letter in his pocket in case someone had an issue with his efforts at slashing
company red tape.  I may have been a bit too dramatic, but I started telling
people that my job was on the line over this ISO 27001 certification.

![Blues Brothers: On a Mission from God!](https://kennethghartman.com/images/blues-300x163.jpg)

## Damn it‚Ä¶we are going to be like the Blues Brothers‚Ä¶We are on a mission
from God!

I called my InfoSec team together and told them that things were about to
change.  ‚ÄúFrom now on, when we are right, we are not going to take no for an
answer.  Either the company is serious about this certification or they are
not.  Either they are serious about protecting customer trust or they are
not.‚Äù  I said, ‚ÄúDamn it‚Ä¶we are going to be like the Blues Brothers‚Ä¶We
are on a mission from God!‚Äù

**At the time, I did not know how powerful the Blues Brothers metaphor would be
for our team.** All I knew was I was tired of the status quo and decided that
we were going to actively engage the company according to our security
improvement agenda.  We started expanding our vulnerability scanning and
pushing for shortened patching windows and improving our hardening‚Äîall things
that are hard to argue with, but required the active participation of multiple
groups beyond our InfoSec team.  These conversations were not easy, but we were
on a mission.

## The Blues Brothers pursued their objective with gusto and panache

The Blues Brothers inspired us, because not only of their mission focus, but
because they pursued their objective with gusto and panache.  The Blues
Brothers reminded us that it was ok to have fun and not take ourselves too
seriously.  In security, there is a lot of ‚Äúblocking and tackling,‚Äù the
mundane work that has to happen so that everything runs smoothly.  Suddenly,
this work was not as burdensome as the team started to get a shared vision of
what was possible.  We started to have fun again.  ‚ÄúWe are on a mission‚Äù
became our rally cry and we reminded each other of this when discussing
challenges and roadblocks.  We did achieve the ISO certification, by the way,
and the team has an even more aggressive agenda for this year.  I have since
taken a job at Google but I know that I have imparted the team with a new
perspective on how to think about their career as InfoSec Rock Stars and that
is with Blues Brothers style.

## Why not aspire to be an InfoSec Rock Star where you are?

Not everyone is going to be a Security Consultant Rock Star, but why not aspire
to be an InfoSec Rock Star where you are?  In a corporate job, it is easy to
become complacent.  That is my biggest fear.  Companies need leaders at all
levels, but many will settle for folks that just show up.  One of my favorite
quotations is ‚Äúthe only job security is excellence.‚Äù  If you are excellent,
you will always be able to find work.  Be excellent and then use that job
security to push the organization past the status quo.  Create a mandate; your
company will thank you.

## ‚ÄúDo cool shit every day, or die trying!‚Äù

In his book ‚ÄúBrand You,‚Äù Tom Peters posed the rhetorical question on how to
become excellent and his response was ‚Äústop doing non-excellent stuff!‚Äù  He
actually went on to say ‚Äúdo cool shit every day, or die trying!‚Äù  To me,
that is the rock star way.  If you do not have any epic war stories, go make
some‚Ä¶Damn it üôÇ
